hey guys i'm recording this video during
my last few hours in kunming china the
poster in the background is gone i
already literally took the poster off
the wall we did that well live streaming
rolled it up put it in my suitcase and
the suitcase in turn was actually sent
by a shipping company so that right now
that poster is probably on a train or a
truck on its way from coming out toward
the border with Myanmar in dehong
province till hong prefecture actually
the Hong special zone is actually the
correct translation makes it sound like
a bonus level in an old you know Sega
Master System game now entering special
zone but it is it is it is a special
zone we shouldn't call it a problem
anyway so uh I have a couple topics are
gonna pop off camera not the most
serious topics and make make some videos
about literally I've already packed I've
already said the room is already bear in
some sense and actually some of my last
some of my last few jobs here I'm
actually wrapping up gifts to give to
some of my teachers and coworkers the
biggest my main teacher here trying to
already gave for my gifts I
intentionally had the gifts actually in
the background and one of my one of my
recent videos just so that when I come
back and see that video ten years from
now you know it'll bring back those
members alright alright I wrapped up
those presents for but anyway this
exercise of once again dissolving my
life brings back some of the memories
that well okay it brings back some of
the issues raised in my discussion of
minimalism I did two videos on
minimalism one of them is public one of
us patreon only subscribers only and of
course it brings back the memories of
all the other times in my life one of
had to stop everything I was doing throw
half of my possessions in the garbage
throw all my furniture on the garbage I
pack up the few things i own and move on
to the next city and one of the most
extreme in terms of absolutely cutting
down your possessions to the bare
minimum when i moved with my daughter
with a medium-sized baby she was uh you
know she wasn't a tiny baby that medium
sized baby from france to taiwan you
know the the airplane companies they
give you like 20 kilograms allowance you
know 20 kilogram suitcase some of that
maybe you get
maybe at two suitcases one's 20
kilograms ones I know 15 or something he
actually does vary from what I went to
the next but you know the majority of my
allowance for both carry on luggage and
check luggage had to be for the baby
it's all BB stuff we had so much special
so to give you an example this was
crucial crucial to traveling with a
young baby we had a um uh I was gonna
say a pen for the baby what's the polite
word for a pen we had this you know
special safe for babies you could
disassemble and reassemble I guess you
can call it a playpen I guess you know
she could sleep in it she could play in
it but the other points you could put
her in it and and just ignore her while
you wash your hands and come back for 30
seconds it was a safe enclosure for a
baby which is cruise ships otherwise you
never take your your your eyes off the
baby everything your hands out the baby
for even 30 seconds and literally when
you need to wash your hands need to be
able to put the baby doubts of our safe
watch your heads come back even if
you're just in a hotel room it's crucial
that you have that so remember we had
this solid steel frame heavy durable
rugged playpen for babies owns a travel
cot yeah you're right it's a cut but you
know the the reason I didn't think of
the word caught is that the walls are
really high and they're you know they're
transparence more like a playpen because
the the the kid can jump up and down and
you know like you they don't have to lie
down they don't sleep in it they can
actually stand up and play and be happy
so it's uh so UK it's halfway between a
cot and a playpen whatever you want to
say but with all those safety features
you know this is made in Europe what
have you buy this stuff for a baby you
know it's got all these all this special
nomenclature I to assure you that this
is actually safe for a baby but as they
that's why I mean probably a more
stealing it the most bicycles a lot of
heavy steel so if what was when i went
from France to Taiwan with my daughter I
had almost nothing for myself I had this
I had this jacket and a few items of
clothing and my computer which buddies a
you know it's a tiny portable computer
you had to just cut down your life to
almost nothing and then of course when I
later left Taiwan likewise I had almost
done because everything was
devoted to the baby and including by the
way you know you have all these toys and
blankets tough to make the baby happy
but also necessities for the baby take
up your whole luggage allowance uh so
anyway but this is experience about
again and again I've reflected videos in
the past that you know in contrast to
the kind of minimalist chic for me I
think it's kind of damaging for me that
when I left Cambodia uh everything I
owned had to be thrown away when I left
Saskatchewan in Canada my books that
were pretty important to me and pretty
important just period all had to be
thrown away there's this kind of
perpetual cycle of loss but doing it
this time even though I'm just moving
from one part of China to another part
of China interestingly i have had to
quantify my worldly possession so in the
in the name of minimalism let's briefly
reflect on how little or how much i own
um the first package i sent to myself so
i'm basically using a delivery service
of mail service here the first package
was over 20 kilograms i think it was
maybe 22 kilograms we can round it off
the second package i sent to myself was
25 kilograms okay uh why did they waste
so much they included a rice cooker
which you guys have seen in the
background of the past actually a
pressure cooker that I can boil beans in
both are the kinds of things then they'd
included um a bread machine so you guys
have not seen that on camera yet but you
may soon get baking with a ballast CL so
bread machines I can bake my own bread
because I'm vegan buying bread has been
really really difficult here may
actually better in indo home that's
another funny long story the French
bread of the home that could be its own
video maybe I'll maybe I'll make a
little documentary about that the legend
of the the French bread of dehong China
its bit strange so those are two big
heavy metal objects a pressure cooker
and a bread machine clothes but you guys
have seen most of the clothes I camera I
don't really have that extensive a
collection so this is the first two big
packages now i think i can add another
20 kilograms so when i'm carrying on the
plane you so get it's a 20 kilogram
limit for check luggage um so I think I
basically got another 20 kilograms we
call it that and what carrying the plane
my computer uh the gifts i'm gonna give
the teachers when i first arrived just a
few items of clothing some food stuff
because i'm vegan so you know Carrie
Carrie some emergency food is a vegan
all the time because you can't yeah but
stuff documents you know legal documents
because that kind of thing can get
stolen if you ship it like condoms
there's another example condoms III
don't think anyone can sell them on the
black market but like in terms of what
tempts people to rob you like anything
fun like that can get stolen i was
talking to my teacher about that it was
like so what kind of stuff actually gets
stolen when you use these shipping
services she was like um sugar like
sugar or candies and she said they'll
never steal the whole package like if
you have sugar they'll steal some of the
sugar there's still some of the candies
and stuff so anything kind of
eye-catching to thieves you kind of you
want to carry with you so actually yes
um my condoms which are four reasons I
won't describe here useless to 99.999%
of Chinese men some of you know I'm
talking about something I don't there's
a reason why I do not use condom and I
condoms have to be carried on the
airplane um you know but in with my
computer and to get my few books so I in
terms of the books I own they're
incredibly few yeah yeah shut out to
shout out to my viewer who sent me rules
for radicals I'm probably gonna read
this at the airport tomorrow you guys
may have a book review of that right
soon but in terms of the books I own
they're incredibly few because of that
passes through books of course of course
way a lot so we add that to 140
kilograms of gym equipment so in
contrast to the minimalist dream my
possessions and I do i do think for a 38
year old man I live like a popper and I
don't want to I'll clarifies it all you
could say that I own 200 kilograms worth
of material
uh but you have the significant footnote
there that over actually over 140
kilograms are just gym equipment because
yeah I'm just counting the weights that
doesn't count the way the the bars
doesn't count the bench you know got a
bench for doing bench press so actually
I'm over that the amount of the amount
of yeah so the gym equipment raises your
toe but so yeah it's a bit of a bizarre
mental exercise if you're paying for
shipping by the kilogram to calculate
how much all of the stuff you own in
this world adds up to now I just say
again and closing this video I don't
glamorize it I've lived this way because
I didn't have a choice I didn't have a
better option and I i wish i wasn't
stuck in the situation i wish i owned
all the books that I so carefully
collected when I lived in Cambodia when
I lived in Laos when I was studying
Korean a jib way in Canada a lot of
those books although not intrinsically
valuable maybe you can't find you can't
buy on the internet books because those
are in those languages books in
Cambodian in lotion in poly of course in
Korean a jib way and pertaining to
create a jewish studies a lot some of
the books i got for free or i got four
five dollars some of them some of them
were expensive but i can never get them
again and those books don't they're not
just for the sake of memory it's not
just that they symbolize time my life
that's gone they also have a real
productive value their books i could be
using and now i'm never going to have
that opportunity again but we'll see i'm
going out to a new frontier both
literally and figuratively and i'm going
to have the opportunity to study
languages that extremely few white men
in the history of the world had ever
studied maybe i'm going to study jing
pole maybe i'm going to study at Chiang
maybe I'm gonna study die you we don't
know uh and maybe everything will go
horribly wrong but maybe also again I'm
going to acquire some unique objects
books that can't be bought for any price
anywhere else on the planet and maybe
this is going to spark a new period of
some kind of really productive research
interest for me maybe and the other good
news is you guys if your own page
you already know this it seems like a
good news about my divorce proceedings
maybe just a few months from now my
daughter is actually going to join me in
the Hong maybe I'm going to be spending
quality time with my daughter in a
beautiful and fascinating part of the
world where mangoes literally grow on
the streets durianrider eat your heart
out and doing writer I'll see your ass
in court